add `react/internal` entry point, reorganize imports (#11426)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/ten-bananas-smile.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> Changes to bundling to prevent duplication of shipped code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move Suspense cache internals to own internal entrypoint to prevent duplication of shipped code
```

Perhaps we could be a bit more explicit about what was changed?

Author: Honestly, I just added that Changeset to be able to do a `/pr:release` - I'll remove that one and then you can just merge this into your branch. I don't think this needs a changeset :)
